README.md, before:

# Windows Aero Cursor Schemes for Left-handed People

## What's Included?

The following cursor schemes are included in the repository:

- Windows XI Aero Left Handed
- Windows XI Aero Left Handed (Large)
- Windows XI Aero Left Handed (Extra Large)

## Installation

- Clone the repository

  ```sh
  git clone git@github.com:Microtribute/win11-aero-left-cursors.git
  ```
  
  or download the latest release here.
  
  https://github.com/Microtribute/win11-aero-left-cursors/releases/latest
  
- Right-click on the `INF` files and select **`Install`** from the context menu.
- Open up the **`Windows Control Panel`** and go to the **`Mouse`** settings.
- Switch to the **`Pointers`** tab.
- Choose your favorite scheme from the **`Scheme`** dropdown.
- Click **`OK`**.

## Optional Installation
The [AutoHotKey](https://www.autohotkey.com) script [swap_primary_button.ahk](swap_primary_button.ahk) enables you to switch the primary button and the cursor scheme as quickly as pressing `Win + F12`.

## Supported Platforms

These cursor schemes can be installed on Microsoft Windows 7, 8, 10, and 11. Should be working on Windows XP and Vista but haven't been tested.

> The [AutoHotKey script](swap_primary_button.ahk) was only tested on Windows 11.

## Preview

<img src="Screenshot.png">

Commit message:

add instructions on Mouse Settings

README.md, after:

# Windows Aero Cursor Schemes for Left-handed People

## What's Included?

The following cursor schemes are included in the repository:

- Windows XI Aero Left Handed
- Windows XI Aero Left Handed (Large)
- Windows XI Aero Left Handed (Extra Large)

## Installation

- Clone the repository

  ```sh
  git clone git@github.com:Microtribute/win11-aero-left-cursors.git
  ```
  
  or download the latest release here.
  
  https://github.com/Microtribute/win11-aero-left-cursors/releases/latest
  
- Right-click on the `INF` files and select **`Install`** from the context menu.
- Open up the **`Windows Control Panel`** and go to the **`Mouse`** settings.
- Switch to the **`Pointers`** tab.
- Choose your favorite scheme from the **`Scheme`** dropdown.
- Click **`OK`**.

## Optional Installation
The [AutoHotKey](https://www.autohotkey.com) script [swap_primary_button.ahk](swap_primary_button.ahk) enables you to switch the primary button and the cursor scheme as quickly as pressing `Win + F12`.

## Supported Platforms

These cursor schemes can be installed on Microsoft Windows 7, 8, 10, and 11. Should be working on Windows XP and Vista but haven't been tested.

> The [AutoHotKey script](swap_primary_button.ahk) was only tested on Windows 11.

## [Mouse Settings.lnk](Mouse Settings.lnk)

This file directly takes you to the Mouse Settings window for you to choose the right cursor of your choice.

## Preview

<img src="Screenshot.png">
